Feat: externalized venv + local cache + CI rework (#1003)
gladiaio/gladia: README.md

Your Gladia service is now available at [http://localhost:8080/docs](http://localhost:8080/docs)

> To avoid downloading all the packages between restart, it is highly recommend to mount a volume :

Reviewer: To avoid downloading all the packages between restart**s**, it is highly recommend**ed** to mount a volume

> To avoid downloading all the packages between restart, it is highly recommend to mount a volume :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To avoid downloading all the packages between restarts, it is highly recommended to mount a volume:
```
